Well then, it is Japan's bottom line
Rice to keep the calorie intake
The secret was in the rice milling method
Tokyo Marunouchi
A race run by Hara luxury manufacturer Tanita
Set meal offer you both had one meal 500 calories before and after and Healthy
It becomes the basis
It is this and rice here We use rice which is made by special manufacturing method called non-smoking sheet
I am
Here is a nutritious mass with a lot of bitter mint dietary fiber
It will be scraped off with normal milling
A part of Taiga remains
So I named the rice sprouts
Shin
It can be thin and can contain more than normal rice so you can cook it and eat the same separation
It is possible to keep the calorie low by about 10%
Sharpening the surface of brown rice
It is narrow to make white rice
It is between the delicacy before the case overtake When you do so white rice
Through the Ako disputes out name in the punishment Come 0 points
It is said that the rise will be the same amount even if it does not reach the market
I have a bite Yes
The calories of the rice itself increase
I think
Because I had like very many protons so coming back to buy Well from customers
It has been released in the fact that gold sprout rice you are using in the Tanita cafeteria
Yes, I will remove the thin layer on the surface of the peach rice and polish it
Hmm
Sakado City, Saitama Prefecture
He showed me the factory production process of Toyo Rice, which developed a rice blast machine for gold sprout rice
This is the government I go
Maybe from brown rice to milled rice in
I'm processing it
There is no public rice machine
Is growing
Pop-out amount is may be 1
The mechanism is
By rotating the blog this month Renault is raging with strong pressure, so from that sky
But
I do but say well he will do in the face peel off the beam
In between the All and Do the sea or surrounding it
Recommended rice without gaps
Rotate by the law
In the wire mesh rice grains are thus resisting
Deliberately realized that the thin but also the narrow of gold sprout rice
I'll make this prow very useful to you
While applying pressure little by little with very wide clarity
Such a difference comes out when the face enters
I angle of projection was loosely made Tei
Since the conventional roll was tight the angle of the patent
It was said that the power was strong at one time
Take advantage of the power by acquiring Tate Martial Arts
I was able to scrape little by little
Certainly it is a conventional roll
Do not make rice white at once in almost all time
The color of the princess is changing little by little
Wow
Relieve pressure to talk to
Thin layer on the surface of white rice
The share of third non-washed rice is about 70%
There is
Oriental rice wa
Even unwashed rice has a large share
Establishing a method for producing non-washed rice, in which the amount of whitening rice bran is put on metal
It had been sent out as
Thanks to his favorite friends and friends for the feeling
This is a healthy code carp on the lake surface
Become Fu to win there to buy a white cello set such strange
So that part is eaten delicious like white rice 7
I want to ingest the sound of brown rice nutrients
I show those people in Japan of the target they really want to be healthy that even a little
I wish I should remember the technology
Skill to polish rice
Build the future of this
Mr. Kim is also so I I'm for my house decided and before users that I'm I Floaty
It is delicious , but exchange
I think that from now on leave